My initial understanding of technical writing, what I wrote on my notecard, was "communication between professionals, in a professional setting". This aligns with what we have learned so far in the professional aspect. However, one thing I have learned so far is that one use of technical writing is making a complicated idea or view into something simple. Avoiding jargon is essential. 
The experience of constructing a LEGO instructional set was extremely unique. At first, I couldn't decide whether to create a powerpoint or just a regular word document. I settled for the word doc. I first had my collegue, Isaac, test out my how-to before adding pictures to it. This allowed me to test how well the wording of my instructions were. the trial went awful. After recieving feedback, and seeing what Isaac's final product was vs what I had originally built, I realized that I needed to make revisions. I also realized how much a visual aide meant to the set of instructions I haad composed. After making revisions and adding a visual aide, the usability testing went extremely well. A success rate of 100%!
I intended to keep my instructions basic and bland, so that it would be easy and simple for any reader to interpret. However, I work in a lumber yard, and I found myself using terms like 2x4, 2x6, and 1x2. 
I delivered my instruction set via a word document. Like stated in the last prompt, I wanted to keep it as simple and straigt forward as I could. I think my choice was good because it had a 100% success rate!
Using GitHub has been a wonderful and unique experience so far. In a way, it's kind of a way of having your own website. I enjoy the fact that I can publish my work and it's not locked behind a firewall, the world can see my work. One takeaway I had from the "Hello World" tutorial was that you can make revisions to your work and save them without publishing them.
I learned a lot in the first two weeks of this course. Understanding and relating to your audience is key in any and every aspect of professional work. One way that this lesson will translate is in Matt and I's zine project in the upcoming weeks!
